season two of succession finds the roy
family just as dysfunctional as ever
following his drug field night at shiv
and tom's wedding that resulted in the
death of waiter andrew dodds kendall roy
finds himself in rehab but bending to
the wills of his father logan kendall
leaves rehab early to publicly side with
his father in a televised interview to
cover for his previous hostile takeover
attempt and though logan has wrestled
kendall back into submission things are
not looking great for the waystar royco
empire financial advisor jamie laird
suggests selling the company and logan
calls his family together to discuss the
idea of course this dysfunctional clan
can't come to a decision but secretly
logan promises shiv the highly coveted
ceo position and promotes her husband
tom to atn's chair of global broadcast
news with the promise of ceo at her
sights ship quits her job as chief of
staff for the presidential campaign of
gil evis a public rival of the roy
family and as for tom he of course
brings along punching bags maybe best
friend greg to his new position at atm
roman roy spends the season trying to
better his position in the company
enrolling in a way star management
training program he grows closer to
jerry throughout the season as she gives
him advice on how to better leverage
himself in the company and eventually he
becomes attracted to her sexually as for
conor roy he's still funding the
lifestyle and artistic endeavors of his
salaried girlfriend willa and he's still
trucking along with his presidential
campaign on his platform of abolishing
taxes you stay you connor never change
cousin greg has a meeting with writer
michelle pansel an author looking to
write a tell-all biography on logan greg
leaves the meeting when he realizes he's
being recorded and the massive
ramifications this could have for his
position in the company when logan
announces that he plans to acquire media
giant pierce global media or pgm against
the council of literally everyone around
him roman tries to jock you for favor by
reaching out to pgm board member naomi
pearce for her thoughts upon finding out
that someone from his camp spoke with
pancel and that someone already spoke
with pgm about the acquisition sends
logan into a rage fortunately for him
pgm shows interest in the deal logan and
kendall meet with pgm ceo reya gerrell
and offered 24 billion dollars for the
company but if the deal was to go
through the roys would have to impress
the pierce family and so off they go to
the pierce family estate logan instructs
all of his children on how to behave but
of course none of them can shiv and
conor's personalities clash with the
pierce children and kendall ends up
doing drugs and having sex with naomi
pierce a fellow recovering addict who
wants to make sure the roy's acquisition
fails at a tense and uncomfortable
dinner the pierce family matriarch nan
asked logan point blank who he plans to
name as the new ceo and when he refuses
shiv stands up and says it will be her
the next day nan agrees to the
acquisition on the condition that it
will be shiv as ceo but logan refuses
despite this the pierce family still
decides to move forward with the deal at
an international business conference
called arjestis the roy's plan to
finalize their acquisition agreement
with the pierce family but this all
blows up when new york magazine
publishes an expose on waystar royko's
bright star cruise line division and
although the entire division was marred
with cover-ups of sexual assault and
murder the expose was contained to only
focusing on bright star's former head
the recently deceased mo lester
mcclintock pgm ceo reyes still wants the
deal to go through but nan pulls out and
fires reya for siding with the roys
after the crew's debacle waystar
shareholders are understandably nervous
and sandy and stewie try to use this
unease to aid their takeover bid and so
logan must go into damage control he
brings along reia to aid in strategy and
the two spend the night together leading
to logan's children having suspicions
about reyes true motives logan tasks
shiv and roman to secure the loyalty of
his ex-wife caroline who agrees on the
condition of a payout and her kids
visiting every christmas when sandy and
stewie run news stories suggesting that
the waiter andrew dodd's death was a
suicide spurred by logan's bullying
logan forces kendall to accompany him to
the dodds family residents to sort out
the matter this understandably shakes up
a remorseful and distraught kindle who
later returns to the dodd's residence to
offer them money meanwhile tom
previously the successor to mo lester as
the head of bright star and the
company's likely a scapegoat if needed
task greg with burning all the documents
that pertain to the crew scandals greg
burns most but not all of the documents
secretly saving a few in case he needed
them later when reya throws a party for
logan honoring waystar's 50th
anniversary shiv grows even more
suspicious that rhea is angling to be
named the new ceo the party is a huge
success with totally great live
performances l to the og
dude be the oga
and he playing
playing like a pro c
l to them you need to stop this and
logan does plan on announcing that reya
will be his successor upon finding out
that a whistleblower is going to
publicly expose all of the cruise line
scandals shiv gives her father her
blessing in naming reya's ceo knowing
that reya would have to face the brunt
of the public fallout and so logan
officially announces reya as ceo on the
eve of the full bright star scandal
going public oh and did we forget about
logan's wife marsha because he seemed to
forget about her too and she's
understandably pretty upset about this
whole reyes situation once the full
details are announced publicly by the
whistleblower reya backs out of the ceo
position and the roy family are called
by gil evis to testify before senate tom
completely fumbles his questioning and
logan tries to throw kendall under the
bus to deflect blame from himself shiv
manages to pay off and convince a key
witness to back out of testifying
against the roys despite this minor
success logan confesses to shiv that a
blood sacrifice would be needed to
appease shareholders and so the roy
family all come together on a yacht to
debate and shift blame over who should
take the fall roman who had attempted to
woo wealthy azerbaijani investor eduard
azgarov into securing funds that would
allow waystar to go private confesses to
his father that although an agreement
was made it was likely illegitimate shiv
at first joins in with the majority in
wanting to throw tom under the bus but
after a confrontation between the
married couple where tom voices his
resentment and the way ship treats him
she goes to logan to beg him to spare
tom and connor well conor was never
involved in waystar royco so he's safe
from that but he has spent all of his
money on funding his presidential
campaign and his girlfriend willis
financial disaster of a play so he does
come crawling back to his father asking
for money a wish logan grants on the
condition of conor ending his
presidential bid finally logan settles
on kendall to take the fall all season
long logan has used and abused kendall
to do his bidding and the broken kindle
has agreed to do whatever was asked of
him and so kendall flies off to new york
to hold a press conference in which he
is to take full responsibility for the
bright star scandals but as all eyes are
on kindle he instead vorgoses planned
speech to place all of the blame on
logan and alerts reporters that an
accompanying greg has all of the
documents needed on hand to prove
logan's involvement in the settlements
and cover-ups of course everyone is
shocked by kendall's public revelations
everyone except logan who while watching
the press conference from his yacht
can't help but crack a faint smile at
the audacity of his son and that's
everything that happened in season two
of succession let me know in the
comments below what some of your
favorite moments from the season were
and what you're most looking forward to
seeing in season three like this video
if you found it helpful subscribe to
this channel for more content like it
and that does it for me in this video
but i'll see you in the next one
[Music]